Retail and SLE15 Images update (#303)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/retail/pages/retail-deploy-terminals-other.adoc

If you are not able to boot terminals from the network, you can create a live USB image and deploy terminals using a removable USB storage device.
You can also bootstrap terminals across a wireless network.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Read and perform steps described in xref:retail:retail-deploy-terminals.adoc[] before continuing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must have deployed your terminals before continuing.
For more information, see xref:retail:retail-deploy-terminals.adoc[].
```
